"A lot of people ask why did you quit your job and what are you guys going to do? To be honest, I'm not 100 % sure. I know that we are great at building mobile and cloud solutions for others - at least Rasmus is, I just pretend to be :sweat_smile:. But these are just skills and not something to build a business on, not long term at least. But we both just knew we could do better... But what is this better exactly? Late successes as AirBnB, Uber etc. are better, not so much for their economic impact. But because they change humankind at really fundamental levels. You probably wouldn't rent at your home to a complete stranger before Airbnb, but somehow a crazy idea and an arrangement of freaking bits (totally simplified) changed that and now it's even cool. You might even meet your new girlfriend or best friend this way... What else can technology change? Isn't retarded that we still have wars, hunger, unemployment, poverty, mental and physical illnesses, etc.? What if something we helped build and you trusted could guide you and train you to your best self? Connect you to the mentors and people you just needed? Install or show you your purpose? Make you feel safe wherever you are in the world? Let you experience the world in new ways? I have absolutely no idea of where to begin (almost no idea), but working towards such goals are to important not to. I'm probably a little more superstitious than Rasmus and most people in this group, but I'm certain that the plan will reveal itself once we are ready. In the meantime, we'll be patient and strive to learn and grow to the persons we believe can fulfil such a task — and I hope you guys will join us some day :blush::innocent:"
"I've just invited a new person to our mastermind. Abed is a person I truly admire for his talent and commitment towards growing and bettering himself. So Abed, please introduce yourself to the forum. Some of the people here you might already know and others not. "
Happy birthday Anders! :gift:
Have any of you guys heard of Burning Man? <http://www.burningman.com> I would love to go! Btw all the CEOs from the Valley are going:wink:
Happy new year <!everyone> 
"Findings from 15 years of the International Space Station
<https://theconversation.com/five-key-findings-from-15-years-of-the-international-space-station-51540>"
"I'm so glad for your excitement guys! We are also very excited. We plan to have our work distributed evenly between app consultancy work and our own products. We have a couple of ideas in the pipeline we need to test out, some of which I hope to involve some of you in! :blush: we both vision a future where nature and technology, atoms and bits will merge. We want to be the center of that and contribute to a valuable outcome for this planet and others. Hence we'll need to facilitate and comprehend topics like AI, biology, electrical engineering, etc. So you guys will probably have to join us eventually :wink: "
"<@U0F1V9D9A>: You’ll be surprised of how fast and much you can learn from experts talking about their field. If you want to learn more about health, finance, meditation, etc. just listen to the experts here at the forum, the’ve put in the long hours to learn these areas and if they truly know what they’re talking about they should be able to explain it simply, such that we can understand, and vice versa :simple_smile:"
<@U0F23JM99>: <@U0F21G8VD> <@U0F1V9D9A> <@U0F2WABLM> Please indicate that you want to be a part of this an contribute to the forum
"Lets get to it. I’m Mark (surprise) and I’m currently working as a Project Manager at Woerk (Mobile Applications). Essentially, my job is to make sure that the team has the best conditions, knowledge and tools to proceed in creating great products. It has been an awesome place for me to learn and evolve my skills and passions, since working with incredible people like Rasmus has become everyday life. Though I’m extremely happy with my job I still have this deep burning desire to create my own thing, with the best and brighest people on earth. 
Powers: Curiosity and Rapid learning. My curiosity for knowledge and understanding the universe is probably my biggest power. My curiosity has (and will) lead me to explore and wanting to learn about different areas, which has forced me to become a fairly rapid learner by understanding how I learn. 
Passion: I try to limit my passions and activities to three core areas, due to lack of time. Technology, The Mind (Human, Artificial and Universal) and Biohacking. I’m cultivating my knowledge in technology by learning to program (predominantly JS), reading, and really just from going to work and listening to colleagues everyday. I try to get a grasp aspects of the mind by studying philosophy, spirituality, psychedelics, AI and neuroscience and really just observing and meditating. I consider myself a human guinea pig and experiment quite widely with foods, bodily performance and drugs in order to hack my body in pursuit of optimal performance. 
Purpose: I believe that my purpose is to gather great people, compose an extraordinary team with the sole purpose of changing and doing things better and creating positive change in the world. I really don’t know the ’things’ yet, but I’m confident that this (Mastermind) is part of the puzzle :wink:"
"Cool, we’re finally fully numbered. I guess I’m the only one who actually knows <!everyone> here so an introduction round will be suitable. I suggests that everyone gives a short introduction of themselves on this channel, such that the other members can get a glimpse of who you are, your interests, skillset, etc. A brief introduction as the one <@U0F570U57> and then really cutting down to core. To describe the core of who you are you can for example use the format of 3P’s (trademark :-P): (super)powers, passion, purpose… 
Powers are your strengths and crafts that you’ve evolved and build upon during your life. Passion is what keeps you up at night and wakes you up in the morning. Purpose, the answer to why you are here - at the Mastermind and in the world in general. Don’t worry if you can’t fully answer all three parts, the purpose of the Mastermind is to shape and mold these aspects of your life..."
"I’ve created some channels and you should do to if you find necessary. I recommend broad topics encompassing core areas on which we can share and discuss ideas. Furthermore, I recommend every member to follow every channel, especially if it seems outside your comfort zone our field of competence - we’re here to learn!"
"<!everyone>:  You’re invited to this Mastermind group due to my admiration of your skills and personality. Hence, non of you are here solely because of being a friend or family - though you happen to be this as well. The purpose of the Mastermind is to share and accumulate wisdom. Every member is deliberately chosen for his willingness to contribute to a greater whole, questioning of conventional wisdom and challenging the status quo. Though some of you haven’t meet, I can ensure you that every person here has the potentiel and capacity to enrich and change your life…"
<@U0F1ZMA72|mark> has joined the channel
"<!everyone>: I suppose people has been quite busy lately since the activity has been almost zero. So I guess it would be appropriate with a little announcement, Rasmus and me are starting our on company. We both gave our official resignation today, meaning that we'll be on our own at the end of the month. :blush:"
Numbers you can relate too! :thumbsup:
