"This is truly excellent. I applaud this endeavour wholeheartedly. I wish you both the greatest of luck on this project, and I agree with what you’ve said. As long as you keep clarifying the reasons behind what you’re doing, you’re already creating the proper circumstances in which great ideas can manifest and become a reality. Your aspiration toward the betterment of mankind is truly heartwarming. :pray:"
Thank you bro. :smile:
Yeah I know about it. Should be pretty insane. I bet candy flipping to such a thing would be insane ha. 
Happy New Years! 
"<@U0F1V9D9A>: Since you mentioned sleep, I thought I’d just mention that there are actually various _hacks_ you can use to reduce your sleep needs, while still maintaining health. The highly cultivated people I know of require no more than 2-5 hours. Of course, that is at an advanced level of cultivation, but it is simply to show you that the possibility is there. Everything, of course, has its price. The body doesn’t need sleep, it needs *rest*. I will go more into detail about subjects such as those when the time is right on <#C0F1YKWF3> and <#C0F20Q1QE>."
"Great idea with the introduction round. 

My name is Anders Kassem, and I am currently enrolled in the medical school program (Bachelor) in my 4th Semester. The requirements of being a medical student are mostly just memorization of countless amounts of details about the human body, and being able to freehand write with no reference tools any question pertaining to that particular subject being studied.  As you can perhaps gauge from my tone, I somewhat disagree with the way we are being taught. In Southern University of Denmark, where I study, the courses are divided into specific core Modules, pertaining to one area / purpose of the body. Just to give you an idea, currently, for instance, I am studying a module called _Homeostasis_, with its main focus being on the kidneys as they are somewhat notorious for managing body fluid volume and keeping the body balanced in more ways than one, through homeostatic regulations. 

_Powers_: I’ve always been insanely curious and experimental about consciousness and life in general. I’ve always wanted to find hacks and tweaks to my life, and _unlock_ my self, so to speak. I’ve realized however, that while wanting to do that and dreaming about it is fine and dandy, it’s not without its sacrifices and determination that it can actually happen. As for actual ""powers"", I'm a serious meditator, mystic, and life-hacker, so for anyone interested in those pursuits, I am sure I will be able to at least be a guiding post, pushing any of you in the right direction of your own self-exploration. I also have a keen understanding of the holistic way the human body works, and I've spent many hours investigating and studying nootropics, herbs and various pharmaceuticals for life-hack purposes, so if anyone are interested in those aspects, I will be able to help there as well. 

_Passion_: Ever since I was a kid, I noticed that there was something quite different in my perspective of life compared to most others. I felt that there was something beneath the surface of what was going on all around me, but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. It felt like a big charade; a game, an illusion. My psychedelic and spiritual adventures showed me personally that I was correct. There is far more to reality than this mere concrete physical reality that we can immediately and readily see and sense through our sense-impressions. Luckily, I am not the only one of this belief. Modern physics and Quantum Physics in particular is shedding more light on this illusion that is physicality. To those that are interested in this aspect of physical reality, I can heartily recommend the book _The Holographic Universe_ by Michael Talbot. I may talk about this more in <#C0F20Q1QE>, when the time is right. 

_Purpose_: I believe my purpose has always been to share wisdom, insight and generally love and compassion toward all people. My interest in becoming a doctor has actually always been secondary to seeking a form of deep healing for not only myself but all of mankind. The great old physician and psychiatrist Carl G. Jung used to have a saying, _“Only a wounded doctor can hope to heal”_

Well, to my eyes, it is quite clear in this day and age, a lot of people are walking around wounded and in delusion of their true nature. In my opinion, it is not without sacrifice and delving into the recesses of the mind that the truth of the matter is found and the ultimate help, be given."
<@U0F1WH8AZ|anderskassem> has joined the channel
"Wow, congrats Mark &amp; Rasmus. That’s a major step! Dare we ask for more details, or is under wraps for now? :simple_smile:"
