"This is actually a very interesting subject!
The problem with the publishing system today, is that is also used as a ranking system to compare scientists, there are better publishers than other. This comes from a long line of culture and traditions, which does not really fit into our world of open-source beliefs and mindsets.
Indeed the scientists does not get paid, but neither does the editors (the people deciding whether the article should be approve for a given publisher). So the only people earning money from this, is the publisher. In Denmark we even pay scientists, very well, for doing this research, but if we would like to read it, we would have to pay for it, again. Furthermore, Universities in Denmark pay huge amount of money to these publishers, to access their archives.
It would be extremely hard to change his old system as it is, if it were to be done, it would have to be at some level which would force or push every scientist in the world. An example could be the UN taking over the storage and ranking of this.
All in all, it is very nice seeing that this subject has started getting some attention and hopefully start a movement in the right direction."
"Damn, just by reading the title, I had my hopes up! Just calling it from everywhere as your personal taxi, that would be cool! :smile:"
"I do agree, AI will absolutely be used by the Military, as it already is. We are however, still far from an uncontrollable artificial superintelligence, and my best guess is that we will continue to be for a long time.

But imagine we had an uncontrollable artificial superintelligence today, it will would still not be able to eradicate human existence directly. It would however be able to crash a couple of internet connected cars (and roombas), but the more efficient way would probably be to take down all the banks and leave the world to chaos or play a couple of superpower nations against each other. In both scenarios, we would be the one to destroy ourselves, which we are pretty good at on our own. Above could just as well be caused by human hackers, rather than an AI.

Back on subject, I do think that AI my solve bunch of problems, but it will absolutely also help create a lot. And with all technologies, it is just a matter of time."
<@U0F1V9D9A|rasmus> has joined the channel
