Thanks!
"<@U0F1ZMA72>: Hmm, strange. I didn’t receive an email. It is formatted quite strangely on Slack. Is there something I need to install?"
"&gt;In my opinion, the most valuable discussion appear when you are introduced to perspectives that you had not considered. A discussion between politicians might be interesting. However, it would probably become more interesting if experts from other professions contributed to the pool of knowledge. This process would presumably not appear as often on platforms that exclusively focus on a specific topic. I believe it would entail valuable synergies to gather inquisitive individuals from different professions and create appropriate settings in which they can share knowledge.

Are we then sure that the written format is the best for such a form of discussion? There’s lots of talks/debates online where professionals in various positions discuss things from physics, to politics, and so forth. 

&gt;Another element, which is rather unique to this platform, is segmentation. I briefly touched upon in my previous message. As you mentioned, it might be difficult to start proper conversations on these difficult topics. For that reason, I believe that the platform should have some kind of appropriate access filter, which might be slightly dangerous. I am not particularly fond of the one-size-fit-all philosophy, which dominates the digital market of today. Instead of just creating a profile, maybe people should request admittance or somehow qualify for access. What do you think? How come we almost never see these mechanisms online?

Well, as someone who is already a part of several invite-only groups, I think we do see it online, it’s just not advertised, because of the same reason you listed; namely that they use appropriate filters that only makes the target audience pursue the goal of enrolment, so to speak, in the first place. So to that end, I think it’s a fine idea, and it’s something that is already being used through various channels. 

&gt; For that reason, I think it would be interesting to see dialogues where an actual conclusion is not necessarily needed. Perhaps philosophical questions might be too difficult to discuss since they apparently can only be understood on a level beyond thoughts. However, I believe that that assertion would constitute a very good foundation for a constructive discussion. I am confident that discussions would emerge naturally when curious people are gathered. 

I certainly agree. Oh, and just because self-realization and true sanity cannot happen within an obstructed thinking consciousness (perhaps see the recent video I posted on <#C0F20Q1QE> to get a grasp on what I mean by that), that doesn’t mean that the pursuit of philosophy shouldn’t be encouraged, because as the Ancients used to say, Philosophy is by its very nature the search for Truth. However, what the Ancients realized, and what contemporary philosophers are unfortunately not, is that the without going beyond the fetters of the ego, there can be no clear vision of what truth entails. So, yes to that end, moving from a state of opinion (doxia) to knowledge (gnosis) would be very difficult without proper guidance. 

&gt; I am very fascinated by the constellation of Etisk Råd. Here you can find a page with a prevention of their members: <http://www.etiskraad.dk/raadets-medlemmer> (sorry the page is only available in Danish)

Yes, I am aware of them, and they do some absolutely great work for sure. As a side note, why would it being Danish be a problem for me? You think I forgot how to read Danish after reading too much English? :stuck_out_tongue: 

Overall, I think it’s a great idea if one could find a proper outlet for it — as you say, we need a design that could tailor to the format of discussion you wish to cultivate within the borders of the Site. That’s where more creative thinking is needed, and also, a proper understanding and perhaps emulation of conversations/discussions is needed, in order to fully grasp how it would function."
"Hey Andrew. Glad to see you around here!

Well, my immediate reaction would be: Isn’t that what forums are for? I know forums in neuroscience/mind-stuff, like <http://brainmeta.com/forum/>, I know forums for politics, like <http://www.politicalforum.com/> &amp; <http://www.debatepolitics.com/>, I know forums for economics and so on and so forth. My question would be, how is your platform different than a simple forum setup?

My next question would be related to your notion of intellectual debate. For instance, according to Socratic dialogue, dialectic reasoning would be the only way of truly coming to actual conclusions and proper discussions about various subjects (see e.g.  Alcibiades) — what format for dialogue would you use? Would you use an expert panel that would start the conversation, and then let “lay” subscribers interact with said experts in selected areas? 

Since you mentioned ethical and philosophical questions, I’d then also perhaps say that things like that are difficult to discuss, maybe not because there’s not a truth, but perhaps because that Truth can only be understood above the level of thoughts. Here I am particularly talking about a higher level of consciousness that actually has insight into why certain actions give certain outcomes, that cannot immediately be gauged by logic. 

Of course, a platform that delves into these things would be great, but I am afraid that it would require a very select target group of writers, because without people that can properly construct arguments and structures of logical thought, it would be difficult to start a conversation on such difficult topics without it eventually going into a circle-jerk (to use modern nomenclature) or rhetorical nonsense. 

Just some food for thought."
"Not really, <@U0F1ZMA72>. 23andme offers genetic SNP (single nucleotide polymorphism) correlation results, and ancestry results. Their SNP data can also be run through second-hand parties like Prometheus to find more correlations on significant polymorphisms. The business I had in mind would solely be focused on blood, hair and stool-analysis, and possibly also food-allergy testing through blood markers. That would be along with, if that package was chosen, an in-depth clinical check-up that tests one’s VO2 max (respiratory efficiency), fasting blood glucose levels and various other things, for optimization purposes."
"A business idea that I contemplated in the past, that I was just reminded of with my private messages with <@U0F21G8VD>, was to create a consumer-based health analytics company. There would be an outpatient clinic where patients could have their blood drawn, and hair- and stool analysis kits could be sent through mail. The samples would be sent  with overnight delivery to respective labs for the testing of various biological markers with known disease and longevity correlations. Results should be possible to reach within 3 days through an online site. The online site would also provide a listing of various health packages that could be selected, such as one that would include an analysis of blood and hair, and subsequently provide detailed explanations for the markers and their associated risks and known correlations, and then provide, as per longevity or on an optimization level, extensive supplemental/herbal regime recommendations."
Sounds like a cool idea <@U0F1ZMA72>. Would love to hear more about the tech-side of things from that perspective. Could you elaborate on how something like that could be done?
"Haha, yeah, I think it’s a great idea, but without that access it won’t work :smile:"
"So on those grounds, you have to create a platform with the government that would allow proper allocation of people vs. demand"
"As per the rules, you have to search asylum in the first country you meet"
"Hmm, not sure I follow the way you’d work around that."
"Yeah, I agree, but I believe if money were to be spent more wisely, it would be spent on the 90% and not the 10% who can much better take care of themselves."
"It's a good idea, but we still have to remember we'd only be helping the 10% richest and leave the remaining 90% suffering in their home countries who cannot afford to go to Europe. "
<@U0F1WH8AZ|anderskassem> has joined the channel
