"Thank you for sharing your valuable knowledge Anders! Very interesting and challenging questions. Questions containing elements that I have not thought about.
Firstly, I would like to stress the fact that this idea is not something revolutionary - neither with respect to setup or technology (at least not initially). In my opinion, it is more an incremental improvement of existing solutions, which I genuinely believe is necessary. It is therefore difficult to emphasise elements that explicitly differentiate the platform from existing platforms. However, I believe that the platforms you mentioned have two profound drawbacks in addition to their visually unattractive and uninteresting appearance, which this idea might be able to comply with.
The fact that these platforms are centred around specific topics might seem convenient. However, personally I would hate to switch between different websites depending on which topic I would like to discuss. Moreover, I am not fond of blindly delimiting subjects from eachother this dramatically since I believe that they are somehow interrelated, which takes me to my second point. One of the absolute core values of this idea is that by gathering numerous topics we obtain the potential of accumulating knowledge from different areas. Knowledge that should be distributed through different channels. In my opinion, the most valuable discussion appear when you are introduced to perspectives that you had not considered. A discussion between politicians might be interesting. However, it would probably become more interesting if experts from other professions contributed to the pool of knowledge. This process would presumably not appear as often on platforms that exclusively focus on a specific topic. I believe it would entail valuable synergies to gather inquisitive individuals from different professions and create appropriate settings in which they can share knowledge.
Another element, which is rather unique to this platform, is segmentation. I briefly touched upon in my previous message. As you mentioned, it might be difficult to start proper conversations on these difficult topics. For that reason, I believe that the platform should have some kind of appropriate access filter, which might be slightly dangerous. I am not particularly fond of the one-size-fit-all philosophy, which dominates the digital market of today. Instead of just creating a profile, maybe people should request admittance or somehow qualify for access. What do you think? How come we almost never see these mechanisms online?
Honestly, I have not really thought about the format of the potential dialogues. I just do not see a need for another encyclopaedia, where factual questions can be answered without any form of actual dialogue. For that reason, I think it would be interesting to see dialogues where an actual conclusion is not necessarily needed. Perhaps philosophical questions might be too difficult to discuss since they apparently can only be understood on a level beyond thoughts. However, I believe that that assertion would constitute a very good foundation for a constructive discussion. I am confident that discussions would emerge naturally when curious people are gathered. 
I am very fascinated by the constellation of Etisk Råd. Here you can find a page with a prevention of their members: <http://www.etiskraad.dk/raadets-medlemmer> (sorry the page is only available in Danish). They discuss numerous ethical issues and give advice to everything from powerful businessmen to experienced politicians. They do not always reach unambiguous conclusion but I am sure that they discussions are rewarding."
"Naturally, there are numerous unanswered questions. How are we able to control the content when the platform is driven by the audience itself? How do we target inquisitive individuals without cynically expelling others that appear incompetent? How is it actually possible to target the “right” people? Is it possible to obtain the required network effects to facilitate the idea when it is not a mass-market platform? Is it even possible to make people understand the difference between this idea and other “substitutes”? I do not have the right answer to all of these questions. Actually, I do not have the right answer to any of these questions. That is why I am really curious to know what you think. Personally, I would really enjoy experiencing such a world of knowledge comprised of numerous different perspectives without being annoyed by distracting features and commercials."
"Hi everyone! 
The other day I experienced something that has not net left my mind since and I would like to share my thoughts with you. I was sitting at my desk studying something totally irrelevant. For that reason, I did something that almost everybody does nowadays. I found my smartphone and opened Facebook. After browsing my news feed for a few minutes I found an unusually interesting article. The topic of the article is insignificant for now, however, after reading the article l had a profound need to articulate my position on the topic. I read the comments and what I found was that almost all of the comments were either frivolous or out of rhetorical reach. Only very few comments contained rational and deliberate arguments. Therefore, I did not leave a comment. As I see it, it would have been totally useless anyway. Afterwards, I started to think about the experience. 
I opened Slack, which to me is a highly effective communicational tool. However, it has a serious drawback. The communication almost exclusively takes place in pre-existing networks, which in most cases dramatically limits the diversity of the communication. One could argue that it is the opposite deficiency of the one that I experienced on Facebook. 
Subsequently, I did some research on intellectual fora. With the help of my brother, I found numerous interesting platforms (e.g. Medium and Quora) that I had never heard of before. Many of them approached difficult and complex topics, which I found very interesting. The tone was polite and professional and it was genuinely a satisfying experience. However, what I found was that the objectives of these platforms were to answer questions rather than spark discussions. Furthermore, the quality of their content gradually degrades as they become more commercial.
Today, passionate debates and academic conversations are gradually replaced by digital information gathering and fact collection. Nevertheless, ethic issues and philosophical questions still exist. What would you think of an online platform that encourages intellectual debate about subjects that can not be answered by search engines and encyclopaedias? A platform driven by curious audience where everything from literature and ethics to economics and politics are discussed? The platform should be targeted exclusively towards inquisitive individuals that are able to contribute constructively. The objective is to create an “universe” of knowledge based upon interactive dialogue rather than the partial monologue that characterises the media of today."
<@U0F23JM99|andrew> has joined the channel
